it's alright oh my goodness me outright
purple welcome to magazine 10 so nice to
see a banquet tuning live now I know I
trouble castle boat fast threading
faster something to slow down but before
we start I'd like to set big very
special thank you to all those essential
works especially the nature also I'd
like to mention natural live they're
saving okay which is incredible numbers
but thank you and having a mum that's
worked as a nurse I know what you're
going through continuous policy now
everything ten we're gonna cook an
amazing dinner in ten minutes but first
this week your pencil don't put the
order in there don't put any salt in
there just get your pan put it on the
gas and turn the freakin thing on that
is it leave that to get one I'm gonna
Tiber cuz when I say 10ms I do mean
terminus yes I do waffle maker I know
you make sort of shouting at me but
before we start cooking you know today's
a very special day because this time to
go music background it's something
birthday now let's start off this
cooking online singing Oscar who is one
today but it may be your birthday love
it could be a birthday tomorrow could be
birthday guess they're gonna celebrate
this incredible long and start singing
how about they make even even the dogs
joining in now where is he where is he
where is he where is he
Oscar
[Applause]
god blessed to have another thing I know
you're upset I just pulled you out of
the kitchen
that is why who we are asked here's the
cake two three
make a wish make your wish Bob nice
piece of quiet rights okay now let's go
and now and there's no hairs no makeup
there's no there's no there's no
production crew let me show you are
these super talent is Rosie girls second
DP who is second let's mark it Matilda
thank you so much and overseeing this
whole thing I put it together the glue
behind the girls oh you're like so much
in the kitchen first of all let's end
the time is Charlie for ten minutes
yes now any questions just at first of
all marinate the lamb okay touch of
something on or little sprinkle of water
of fat on this land these are lamb chops
okay lightly seasoned I always mix pen
down please make pan down always makes
the stop oh oh no season
I'm waiting on suits under turbulence
otherwise I'm going kicked out so
there's a lot of fat on that lamb so
seize that pan down please make that
means bring the camera Taran
okay of all the plate lightly seasoned
sunflower oil and just gently season
okay
pans are on I'm gonna put any oil in
there we get nice and hot the secret
here in the grilled lamb chops look at
them they are got people I of the meat
that fat round the back side is going to
be sort of rendered down that is
delicious
next that I've got these new potatoes
now we have these within the last night
so they're sort of left over all
potatoes and all we do get them cut them
in half okay and the nice thing about
these is they're actually going to sort
of become like a site a potato okay
blend down make pen down make please pan
down
thank you come on man we're live thank
you killing fingers coming at once okay
now we've got the water on boiling salt
and pepper in there as well I was trying
to say earlier I mix the salt pepper so
I just season it once okay it's actually
two-thirds salt and one-third pepper
says the light sprinkling lid on peas
they are fresh frozen peas it's the best
way of making an amazing puree once that
starts the smoke if you haven't got one
of those griddle pans trust me a normal
plan will be fine little touch of oil in
there just a touch can we put on lamb or
and then from there look rubbing the
seasoning in I just like to push them
down now go left to right okay
left to right get them grilling
beautifully done now you get a big thick
chop like that push them in and let's
just put some berries fingers okay
they're still cause there's not a burn
but just push them in there
what's easing off
and then how do we get that little bit
more exciting event unless please come
back don't wait don't about English
chopping knives down nice and flat
Palmer hand and then all we do is prep
and our mega that's crushed garlic that
goes in there okay every slice it thinly
what can happen is that darkness that's
gonna burn I must have really nice
button mushrooms some prefer cut these
into quarters okay and let's stick them
in the same pan as the land think of the
flavors
don't throw an incredible dish now that
fattest island surrender
it's getting really nice color on there
put the mushrooms and the garlic in with
a lamb flavor those mushrooms go
incredible now for the potatoes
time-wise seven days to go all a lot
seven minutes and I we touch upon a ball
with this I've got the gas okay now they
haven't got new potatoes
boom all protectors to be fine get some
water in there no how do i turn the
potatoes is something little more spicy
let me show you take a nice red onion
okay slice it in half take off the roots
and then from there look just a nice
little set don't worry about go too fast
the speed you'll get there get the
technique by twice and then increase the
speed listen I'm not expecting you to do
this in ten minutes
but I am expected to do it at 11 a half
I can run 200 meters hold on it
Yoo sang bong cool on it in like
nineteen seconds I may take 24 seconds
oh it's fine 24 a minute 24
come down come down garlic on and then
again it's good flatten it and that's
going to go in with the potatoes okay
really nice now the war's important to
please come now make man deeply doing
don't start it too early don't turn that
lamb too early I'll be worn by a
producer Holly over there have to slow
down
please come in okay frozen peas in and
then from there lid back on and that
gets up turn that by now you might be a
puppy though earlier that mom makes
dinner in ten minutes every night I'm
not with a baby in her hands thank you
no make pen down please look at the
colors done I'll take the garlic you do
this
okay just a little touch on vinaigrette
okay so look a tablespoon of mustard
okay just the tiny
thank you awesome a little touch of
cider vinegar when I call your side of
any meal
just a touch extra-virgin olive oil in
on a nice relaxing sauce and then from
there look in the fridge I had this
little smoke to probably taste that's
got a little bit of heat in it put that
in there simply zone and then put the
lid back on and give that same now look
at that open that up give that a little
seasoning okay they've got an amazing
delicious little marinade now look at
that lamb now pan down my pen down
baseball potatoes you speed up put the
pot in there as well
now look okay okay
[Music]
a little touch okay of creme fraiche
just half a tablespoon way to do now is
literally create this evening lightly
and crush crush those Peas and what's
gonna happen now it's got this beautiful
sort of fresh minty delicious creamy
peas and I can't face you little bit of
sympathy from their kitchen some lemon
zest ninety seconds ago please this is
the creepy moment right this evening the
creme fraiche those peas are so
now for the most exciting part when we
can't address this when it's time to
plate it
okay look at that lamb they pan out this
beautiful cut from there take that
[Laughter]
mushroom remember we're not use the
garlic guys okay mo she was on then get
your spring onions okay I know I need
another two minutes cut just slice them
down and throw those spring onions in to
those potatoes okay
so soften them nicely they look
incredible now which always interests me
okay very crispy juicy
they are not bad they're crispy it's
done with two minutes and then finally
you got those peas nice moon or peas
that lemon creme fraiche of the end
obviously they're worse wonders and then
look from there take that light smoky
pretty great and look just that I said
your ten minutes okay so even a minute
[Applause]
come on that is the most amazing way of
grilling the most amazing soda potato
with caramelized red onions please foot
butter machine has been cooked in the
lamb juice but here's the magic that
lamb seriously is tender and P and there
we have dinner in ten laughs ladies what
do you think
dad yes we can't no don't turn we can't
do them sauce in ten minutes
well you know you can't serve lamb
without lamb sauce I put a fully grown
man dad dad gets out out the kitchen
Oh seriously seriously seriously how'd
you do in ten minutes mom could do it
[Music]
you